Add the guide on how to collect guest cluster logs (#724)
harvester/docs: docs/troubleshooting/rancher.md

---
sidebar_position: 2
sidebar_label: Rancher
title: "Rancher"
---

<head>
  <link rel="canonical" href="https://docs.harvesterhci.io/v1.4/troubleshooting/rancher"/>
</head>

> ## Collect Guest Cluster Logs
> 
> You can collect logs and configuration files of guest cluster nodes with the following steps (note these steps need to be repeated on each node inside a guest cluster):
> 
> - Log in to a guest cluster node.
> - Run the command to download the script and generate a log bundle:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Guest Cluster Log Collection

You can collect guest cluster logs and configuration files. Perform the following steps on each guest cluster node:

1. Log in to the node.
1. Download the Rancher v2.x Linux log collector script and generate a log bundle using the following commands:
```

    ```
    curl -OLs https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rancherlabs/support-tools/master/collection/rancher/v2.x/logs-collector/rancher2_logs_collector.sh
    sudo bash rancher2_logs_collector.sh
    ```

> The output of the script will suggest where the resulted tarball is stored.
> 
> For more information, please check the [KB document](https://www.suse.com/support/kb/doc/?id=000020191).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The output of the script indicates the location of the generated tarball.

For more information, see [The Rancher v2.x Linux log collector script](https://www.suse.com/support/kb/doc/?id=000020191).
```
